README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">
  <br>
  Pion RTP
  <br>
</h1>
<h4 align="center">A Go implementation of RTP</h4>
<p align="center">
  <a href="https://pion.ly"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/pion-rtp-gray.svg?longCache=true&colorB=brightgreen" alt="Pion RTP"></a>
  <a href="https://sourcegraph.com/github.com/pion/rtp?badge"><img src="https://sourcegraph.com/github.com/pion/rtp/-/badge.svg" alt="Sourcegraph Widget"></a>
  <a href="https://pion.ly/slack"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/join-us%20on%20slack-gray.svg?longCache=true&logo=slack&colorB=brightgreen" alt="Slack Widget"></a>
  <br>
  <a href="https://travis-ci.org/pion/rtp"><img src="https://travis-ci.org/pion/rtp.svg?branch=master" alt="Build Status"></a>
  <a href="https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/pion/rtp"><img src="https://godoc.org/github.com/pion/rtp?status.svg" alt="GoDoc"></a>
  <a href="https://codecov.io/gh/pion/rtp"><img src="https://codecov.io/gh/pion/rtp/branch/master/graph/badge.svg" alt="Coverage Status"></a>
  <a href="https://goreportcard.com/report/github.com/pion/rtp"><img src="https://goreportcard.com/badge/github.com/pion/rtp" alt="Go Report Card"></a>
  <a href="LICENSE"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg" alt="License: MIT"></a>
</p>
<br>

### Roadmap
The library is used as a part of our WebRTC implementation. Please refer to that [roadmap](https://github.com/pion/webrtc/issues/9) to track our major milestones.

### Community
Pion has an active community on the [Golang Slack](https://invite.slack.golangbridge.org/). Sign up and join the **#pion** channel for discussions and support. You can also use [Pion mailing list](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/pion).

We are always looking to support **your projects**. Please reach out if you have something to build!

If you need commercial support or don't want to use public methods you can contact us at [team@pion.ly](mailto:team@pion.ly)

### Contributing
Check out the **[contributing wiki](https://github.com/pion/webrtc/wiki/Contributing)** to join the group of amazing people making this project possible:

### License
MIT License - see [LICENSE](LICENSE) for full text
# rtp_mas

Commit message:

PION link added to README

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">
  <br>
  Pion RTP
  <br>
</h1>
<h4 align="center">A Go implementation of RTP</h4>
<p align="center">
  <a href="https://pion.ly"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/pion-rtp-gray.svg?longCache=true&colorB=brightgreen" alt="Pion RTP"></a>
  <a href="https://sourcegraph.com/github.com/pion/rtp?badge"><img src="https://sourcegraph.com/github.com/pion/rtp/-/badge.svg" alt="Sourcegraph Widget"></a>
  <a href="https://pion.ly/slack"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/join-us%20on%20slack-gray.svg?longCache=true&logo=slack&colorB=brightgreen" alt="Slack Widget"></a>
  <br>
  <a href="https://travis-ci.org/pion/rtp"><img src="https://travis-ci.org/pion/rtp.svg?branch=master" alt="Build Status"></a>
  <a href="https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/pion/rtp"><img src="https://godoc.org/github.com/pion/rtp?status.svg" alt="GoDoc"></a>
  <a href="https://codecov.io/gh/pion/rtp"><img src="https://codecov.io/gh/pion/rtp/branch/master/graph/badge.svg" alt="Coverage Status"></a>
  <a href="https://goreportcard.com/report/github.com/pion/rtp"><img src="https://goreportcard.com/badge/github.com/pion/rtp" alt="Go Report Card"></a>
  <a href="LICENSE"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg" alt="License: MIT"></a>
</p>
<br>

### Copied Project from:
Pion RTP Project, link is as follows: <a href="https://github.com/pion/rtp">https://github.com/pion/rtp</a>

### Roadmap
The library is used as a part of our WebRTC implementation. Please refer to that [roadmap](https://github.com/pion/webrtc/issues/9) to track our major milestones.

### Community
Pion has an active community on the [Golang Slack](https://invite.slack.golangbridge.org/). Sign up and join the **#pion** channel for discussions and support. You can also use [Pion mailing list](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/pion).

We are always looking to support **your projects**. Please reach out if you have something to build!

If you need commercial support or don't want to use public methods you can contact us at [team@pion.ly](mailto:team@pion.ly)

### Contributing
Check out the **[contributing wiki](https://github.com/pion/webrtc/wiki/Contributing)** to join the group of amazing people making this project possible:

### License
MIT License - see [LICENSE](LICENSE) for full text
